want to learn how to play an E minor
card right now walk this way in patient
one I've got something for you so here
we go by the end of this lesson we'll
have you playing the E minor card
perfectly like this place your first
finger on the second fret a string and
your second finger on the second fret D
string make sure that your fingers are
close to the frets as possible you'll
see that the first finger has to sit
further back in the fret you'll need to
strum all of the strings on this little
beauty from the thickest string to the
thinnest string okay now we've got his
fingers in place and we know how to
strum from go on have a strong you know
you want to watch out for fingers laying
across strings check each string is
really now by picking each one common
problems are the g string not ringing
out because the second finger is laying
against it another problem is the theast
east ring not ringing out because the
index finger is laying against it
our friendly miner
contains the notes e G and B even though
you playing six strings you're only
playing three different notes take a
look at my fine picture of the E minor
chord let's identify the E's in red
come on we can do better than that
nice let's find the Gees
and now the bees
put that in your toolbox